yes I have a little something now
on the tree because I was on the ball and because
I still asked a few people
had on private message in order to this
us shine like I'm doing the wired
I will add an extra video and
then check it on foot made
at the left side and that have
i here now the brown cable easy
a cable question does not matter
only need to know where to connect
caught
yes sounds quite normal to this
existing lights cabling the colors
are exactly the same as the handlebar
mountings
You can not go wrong
also still make it come on
the cable thickness the city not that one
as a blind yes how did I do that
I do not have everything here now
connect book
this brown cable goes here now
once the original wiring harness along
here are the constance other cables
from these blinkers high that's exactly
the same colors as on the other
blinker then it is hardly too together
filmed and for the animals
fuse box the sandbox we the
on it makes sense here zenit.org
Screw best to use a must
and here this joint on the battery screwdriver
taken faster was that yes there
in the back comes in the corner and the
to open a screw and a
you need extension I have that
I made it that way now
now here in the original bay clean
not ratios stupid'm down here
in this original bay rhine where i am
me the cables come out in the interior
have the careful with a wood or
A brush pierced here so
because I would not play it
recommend because then you can if you
control your cable and then
anyway, carrefour sa the lot already
forgive the hole because the cable through
stuck through and through the mother through
and I came out in the interior
yes then the stand did not have one still
So what colors does it have ?
page here
and this side you have to know
what colors does that have i got that
now found here this is this
Cable color is gray yellow gray yellow
feelings and then could the
planet is here to join the fight
relations fixed now the original pins
from a battle harness where i got off
compact the original color pinned out
and here's a win because that's another one
only slot free
the two cables on it are also with the
the pure in the room so here and in the
interior I have that now completely
just done
because then come out here down there
you have to do yourself covered so formula
work then I'm up here on this
switch already before the rows of seats
Of course you have to remember these colors
which color yes on which side
logs in and then with these colors then
I hold join me now have a 4
worried about the pin
she had too attached to that so here is
he was right and got the brown one
cable where the right turn signal comes
Soldered on one side and the right side
left with the blue cable coming from
Signed in on the left side when
I do that now is again
in his one now make standlight
would like to make the us easy with the me
sound was now enough for everyone
Standlicht and ios running out
I turn on us again
it can be easily and make their
just go from the number one standlight
front of
So I seen again I
These adorn the elaborate variation
made because I do not want to have
could now also the
cable tap from mr. front and then
if necessary, if you have the lettuce
I did not want to go here then
Can you also without battery box in
that needs a bit more cable though
I have that solved now if here
the same in the fighting
everything not put in it and
some of them also work
tidy can be so short
demonstrate as already said to another
video presented what it looks like so
that we stand again now
standlight rings with numbers us light
is bad
So I just make the switch
out
one can see the light from lighter
understandable yes that was now is one
video on how I installed it now
I have to ask otherwise now
just let me know
and then I wish you a nice day
and goodbye service